hey very good everyone here hd scale and
Well today I bring you the third part of
tutorial of game iker had already been
without following this series and good today I come
for how to create when you eat an object
with your character because the bad guy
it becomes a vulnerable bad and
creating no longer enters the objects to
go more quickly though I'll explain
all equally good
we will start creating the sprite we will create
sprite of the most vulnerable to do it
easier than you can right click on
the bad one we give you duplicate and already what
we have here this spray is very bad in
color says partial has we put with what
I want to go faster then
You can also put whatever you want
here is our vulnerable bad and the
banana that when you eat the
banana
so turn the bad guy into the most
vulnerable here you can also put what
who want and then a banana like that
put good
we will start creating the objects of
malware I talked to him we'll create him
we will put our people from the sea
vulnerable and we will put here in paris you
we will put bad object this means
that I have made object makes the same
functions that the object plus the banks
only when we put the character
connection with vulnerable objects because
be the ones that take him vulnerable and
we will say that when I collided with him it was
the other that the vulnerable bad then
together be go to the beginning where
where it goes from being principle and it changes
the instance of the new vulnerable to
bad and we mark that it is like they are done
and I will put a score of 10 for each
in fact you eat
now we will create the banana object
is quiet that there is no need to put
nothing at all
side of the banana and the object
character we will put another collision with the
banana
and now when we need to buy from
vouchers it will do is that the object
bad has done all the bad that there is in the
room then it becomes the
bad object vulnerable
here we marked we were going and of sweeting so
week when you cry like the banana
power and the other one that in this case the
bad banana is because they cast the character
Syrian would be what would be destroyed
would be my character if I put batch
would be the banana and if I put later on
objects of it you want
in this case we will put banana and here
enter the use of alarms you have not
said and we will give you 180 voucher if I
I put 30 in a second
62 and so 180 are many
equal to zero
here we will put the alarm that creating
tariff and now we will create in at event
alan 0
and when the 180 seconds have passed
we put here what can change
here I will put a turn according to what
want done are the seconds that
will happen so that those who take
vulnerable to become the
hand and when the long but
good here jiang instantly
the object most vulnerable all of
the rooms will then become the
object
and that's all we've done and not
I started to go tab because it was another
tutorial it opens more or less where
they are that if the mouth and no longer costs us
a lot and let's try it, it's good
we would have version 1 here and the
banana is that here the food the
problem around here the food I remember
was left
one point of copper remains
of the day
and we tested it and
after one of the evils he heals and he
I call my face like a bad guy
that is prescribed to the game but they take the
I take the plane as this one comes out there
time like that and we do not wait for six
seconds and they become again the
malba you can put more dense silver
for all the rooms I will explain myself in
a ratillo also make an object for
advance to the next round
to the next level
Likewise
and he creates it and another community and I'm not going to
start creating them and we will create others
I started that when I noticed how the apple
after you advance to the next level
ah
and we will collide with the
we seek to realize the nexus
externally and here we can put a
transition the one you want and it's worth
we will put the rotation to the left
Y
here we put the apple
we also go the instructions
two
so they throw themselves at the apple and we appear
the next round
and good as it is done all the
third part of the total of game maker
I hope he has fought and come to us
we see